Microsoft Teams - Update Actions - Send Message and Send HTML Message (#605)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: microsoft_teams/help.md

# Version History

> * 3.0.0 - Update Send Message and Send HTML Message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3.0.0 - Update Send Message and Send HTML Message actions to return `thread_id` to support threaded replies
```

> * 3.0.0 - Update Send Message and Send HTML Message actions to return `thread_id` to support threaded replies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3.0.0 - Update Send Message and Send HTML Message actions to accept `thread_id` input to support threaded replies
```

# Version History

> * 2.1.0 - Update Send Message and Send HTML Message actions to accept `thread_id` input to support threaded replies, updated trigger New Message Received to output team and channel names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.1.0 - Update Send Message and Send HTML Message actions to accept `thread_id` input to support threaded replies | Update New Message Received trigger to output team and channel names so they can be passed into subsequent steps
```
